# Group_AA_Homework_3
Group Members: Kymani Scott, Drew Distler, Colin Buchheit and Connor Joyce

This Java Project is an inventory based project that reads from a csv file, and can perform different actions on the file including adding and removing items as well as updating the price of an item. It includes multiple classes including 3 subclasses CDRecordProduct, VinylRecordProduct and TapeRecordProduct and their superclass is MediaProduct. Each subclass inherits the getter and setters from the super class, and each class has its own default constructor and copy constructor to prevent leaking of information. Each type of MediaProduct has a toString method so that it can easily be accessed when printing and displaying the information. We also have an enum Genre, a class StockManagerSingleton and a Main class. All our methods are in the StockManagerSingleton class, and that is where the ArrayList that contains the inventory is created and stored. Our main class tests and runs all of our methods, including multiple print statements that allow the user to see what is happening and show how the method changes the inventory arraylist. For our specific implementation, you use the Main class to run the methods. Before running the methods you must create an instance of the StockManagerSingleton class, and use that instance to access the methods we have created. The saveStock method overwrites the file, so be careful when using it so that you don't overwrite something you didn't mean to. 
